arriving at the event my first
impressions were pretty good I was one
of the first ones to arrive so I didn't
even have to wait in line to get my
badge got my badge got my coffee had a
walk around organization was superb why
did others want to attend and what were
their key takeaways let's check them out
um so I am building a BB sess company so
for me having all of this sort of
knowledge and connections all in one
place is incredibly valuable I've been a
two other SS so I know it's a great
Community uh and we've actually just
rolled out a new sales method theology
so there's not a better opportunity to
work with uh SAS companies and leaders
and and try to help them scale and grow
been uh kind of consuming a lot of the
Sasa content uh both the state side once
for annual as well as Europa uh virtual
for a few years now well the reason I
attended sast in the first place was I
followed Jason lkin I attended a lot of
his online um uh webinars uh that they
do every Wednesday and some of the
topics were of great interest to me so
as a as a as a found ER and a startup uh
I felt that this would be a place to
come to I wanted to attend saster to
network get to know people in SAS World
um and it's my first event and it's been
going great so I came across sasra
through Jason's content on Twitter so
I'm a huge fan of the stuff that he puts
out there um as I'm personally grow my
career in the SAS industry I found it
really easy to consume information so
that brought me to the event today and
uh yeah it really reflects the stuff
that he puts out there it's been great I
think it's a combination of two things
first is the the startups and the
founders who who are here and then
secondly the content which is which is
really good I'd say definitely the
networking opportunities at the end um
where you build those relationships has
been probably the most important part
for us it's very helpful to expose
myself to smart people that are not um
uh willing to accept the status quo and
present them my ideas and get challenged
by these people and that's what happens
here a lot of bright people
a lot of constructive non-conformists
I'm building a sales uh product myself
so of course I wanted to connect with
other uh sales and marketing leaders and
uh pitch my product but also learn from
uh others as well heard a lot of such
things about uh how amazing this
conference is and that inspired me that
let me have a look at Europe first and
then think of the US one the the
combination of real heavy weights who
know what they're talking about who are
here sh Shing like their key lessons and
takeaways from personal experiences they
have had in the industry whether that's
on the investor side or the building
side of things obviously really great
you end up with some things that really
kind of stick in your mind so for
example um last year for me that was
about building a team and how much
Equity you would give to different
people joining at different parts in the
journey and it seems like a really silly
thing but it's it's not something that's
spoken about a lot so uncovering those
things um but also the people that you
meet everyone is is building in this
space everyone has big Ambitions and at
different scales so everyone has either
got advice or case studies or something
to offer that's relevant to you most SAS
companies still are in way too reactive
mode and so they've tried to cut their
way to growth and they realized that's
not working they have competition
creeping in from all sides and so
basically what you see is people trying
to find a resettling of how do they go
more proactively out and find the right
kind of business then how do they
actually get their good toet teams to
work all the way through the process to
build high quality business and not just
transactional business sessional digital
Cs and how we can scale a CS strategy
across the PB SAS business which is uh
hugely appliable what I do at Pro Max
which is awesome everyone is very um
open to like talking to you sharing what
they do listening to what you do and
also following up later and staying in
touch go for me it's the uh reoccurring
theme of AI so um we use it in our
organization it's in our products but
for me it's uh when you go through a
number of different talks and it's just
constant and I think it's just re uh
reemphasize me how ground baking it is
right now and how much it's going to
change our industry so it's it's making
me think a bit hard about how we can
utilize it our company and also how it's
going to impact our customers what was
very interesting is about the product Le
grow versus sales L grow the combination
of both so there were some like really
Co cool informative sessions and and um
the one also on product Market Feit by
octopus uh Ventures that was that was
also really nice today today has been a
bit more AI driven so I've enjoyed that
but turns out they've got it all today
anyway so that sales is changing a lot
um so AI has been uh has been a big big
change uh in sales and marketing and um
yeah we need to be aware of that and we
need to adapt our sales motions you need
to think of the holistic uh uh strategy
to you know run the produ like growth
but the real treat at the end of the
event was that Jason dumin himself
hosted a Q&A session where you could ask
him anything and he would give his two
cents on the topic and at the end of
that session you could catch him for a
short conversation at happy hours where
you can just get his two cents on
whatever was on your mind he was totally
down to earth and helpful despite being
exhausted by the end of the event so
that was a real cherry on top